[v10.1.x] Docs: Remove old plugin docs, fix URLs to go to new dev portal (#75325) (#75716)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/datasources/_index.md

This documentation describes how to manage data sources in general,
and how to configure or query the built-in data sources.
For other data sources, refer to the list of [datasource plugins](/grafana/plugins/).

> To develop a custom plugin, refer to [Build a plugin](/developers/plugin-tools)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create a custom plugin, refer to our [plugin development documentation](/developers/plugin-tools)
```
